@ARTICLE{7434638,
author={Q. Zhang and Z. Chen and F. Yin},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Speaker Tracking Based on Distributed Particle Filter in Distributed
Microphone Networks},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={9},
pages={2433-2443},
abstract={A speaker tracking method based on a distributed particle filter
(DPF) for distributed microphone networks is proposed in this paper. First, the
generalized cross-correlation (GCC) function is estimated at each node. To cope
with the spurious effects due to the noise or reverberation, multiple delays
related to the largest local peaks of the GCC constitute the local observation.
Next, based on an optimal fusion rule, a modified DPF is presented, and a
modified multiple-hypothesis model is also developed as its likelihood function
by incorporating the information of the GCC. Finally, the modified DPF is used
to track a moving speaker with a distributed microphone network. The proposed
method requires only local communication among neighboring nodes, and is robust
against nodes failure. Simulation and real-world experimental results
demonstrate the validity of the proposed method.},
keywords={maximum likelihood estimation;microphone arrays;particle filtering
(numerical methods);reverberation;speaker recognition;distributed microphone
network;distributed particle filter;generalized cross-correlation
function;likelihood function;modified multiple-hypothesis model;neighboring
nodes;node failure;optimal fusion rule;speaker tracking method;Bayes
methods;Cybernetics;Estimation;Kalman filters;Microphones;Particle
filters;Reverberation;Average consensus filter;distributed microphone
networks;distributed particle filter (DPF);multiple-hypothesis model;speaker
tracking},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2523939},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={Sept},}
@ARTICLE{7460124,
author={M. Cai and Y. Lin and B. Han and C. Liu and W. Zhang},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={On a Simple and Efficient Approach to Probability Distribution Function
Aggregation},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={9},
pages={2444-2453},
abstract={In group decision making, it is inevitable that the individual
decision maker's subjectivity is involved, which causes difficulty in reaching
a group decision. One of the difficulties is to aggregate a small set of expert
opinions with the individual subjectivity or uncertainty modeled with
probability theory. This difficult problem is called probability distribution
function aggregation (DFA). This paper presents a simple and efficient approach
to the DFA problem. The main idea of the proposed approach is that the DFA
problem is modeled as a nonlinear function of a set of probability distribution
functions, and then a linear feedback iteration scheme is proposed to solve the
nonlinear function, leading to a group judgment or decision. Illustration of
this new approach is given by a well-known DFA example which was solved with
the Delphi method. The DFA problem is a part of the group decision problem.
Therefore, the proposed algorithm is also useful to the decision making problem
in general. Another contribution of the this paper is the proposed notation of
systematically representing the imprecise group decision problem with the
classification of imprecise information into three classes, namely incomplete
information, vague information, and uncertain information. The particular DFA
problem dealt with in this paper is then characterized with this general
notation.},
keywords={decision making;feedback;forecasting theory;iterative
methods;statistical distributions;DFA problem;Delphi method;expert opinion
aggregation;group decision making;group judgment;imprecise information
classification;incomplete information;individual decision maker
subjectivity;individual uncertainty;linear feedback iteration scheme;nonlinear
function;probability distribution function aggregation;probability
theory;uncertain information;vague information;Computational
modeling;Computers;Cybernetics;Decision making;Fuzzy
logic;Optimization;Probability distribution;Aggregation;group judgment;linear
feedback iteration;probability distribution},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2531647},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={Sept},}
@ARTICLE{7436815,
author={S. Malekpour and B. R. Barmish},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={When the Expected Value Is Not Expected: A Conservative Approach},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={9},
pages={2454-2466},
abstract={The takeoff point in this paper is a random variable X for which
large positive values are desired. When its probability distribution is highly
skewed, the possibility of a long fat-tailed distribution can lead to an
expected value, μ = E[X], which is unduly optimistic. For the reverse case when
small values of X are desired, the ideas in this paper are applied to -X. This
issue of over-optimism in the expected value is particularly important when a
mission-critical random variable is involved. For example, when considering
earthquake intensity or flood levels, reporting an understated expected value
to a technically unsophisticated general public would be considered by many as
highly undesirable. The Conservative Expected Value (CEV) of X, denoted by CEV
(X) is a new definition provided in this paper. It is a metric which we argue
is particularly useful when risk aversion must be highly emphasized. At the
same time, while being conservative, the CEV is also aimed at avoiding
reflection of excessive pessimism. When, then CEV (X), while being
conservative, is defined in such a way so as not to be unduly pessimistic. In
classical analysis, enhancement of a calculation often includes the variance σ2
= var(X). However, when large X-values are desired, this may further distort
one's overview of the risk at hand; e.g., if X is profit, values above the mean
should not be penalized. With these one-sidedness considerations in mind, we
work with a new reward-risk pair, the CEV and the so-called Conservative Semi-
Variance (CSV) of X, denoted by CSV(X). Whereas the CEV definition is entirely
new, the CSV definition is motivated by ideas in the area of finance. This
paper also illustrates calculation of the CEV and CSV pair for a number of
classical probability distributions and includes description of a number of
properties of these metrics which suggest that this new theory is
mathematically rich. Finally, we demon- trate the potential for application of
the theory via two numerical examples.},
keywords={finance;random processes;risk management;statistical
distributions;conservative expected value;conservative semivariance;excessive
pessimism;finance;highly skewed probability distribution;long fat-tailed
distribution;mission-critical random variable;one-sidedness consideration;over-
optimism;reward-risk pair;risk aversion;understated expected
value;Earthquakes;Mission critical systems;Probability distribution;Random
variables;Robustness;Seismic measurements;Probability;random variables;risk
analysis;robustness;statistical distributions;uncertain systems},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2531650},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={Sept},}
@ARTICLE{7416236,
author={M. C. Chuang and J. N. Hwang and J. H. Ye and S. C. Huang and K.
Williams},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Underwater Fish Tracking for Moving Cameras Based on Deformable Multiple
Kernels},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={9},
pages={2467-2477},
abstract={Fishery surveys that call for the use of single or multiple
underwater cameras have been an emerging technology as a nonextractive mean to
estimate the abundance of fish stocks. Tracking live fish in an open aquatic
environment posts challenges that are different from general pedestrian or
vehicle tracking in surveillance applications. In many rough habitats, fish are
monitored by cameras installed on moving platforms, where tracking is even more
challenging due to inapplicability of background models. In this paper, a novel
tracking algorithm based on the deformable multiple kernels is proposed to
address these challenges. Inspired by the deformable part model technique, a
set of kernels is defined to represent the holistic object and several parts
that are arranged in a deformable configuration. Color histogram, texture
histogram, and the histogram of oriented gradients (HOGs) are extracted and
serve as object features. Kernel motion is efficiently estimated by the mean-
shift algorithm on color and texture features to realize tracking. Furthermore,
the HOG-feature deformation costs are adopted as soft constraints on kernel
positions to maintain the part configuration. Experimental results on practical
video set from underwater moving cameras show the reliable performance of the
proposed method with much less computational cost comparing with state-of-the-
art techniques.},
keywords={aquaculture;feature extraction;image colour analysis;image motion
analysis;image texture;object tracking;video cameras;HOG;color
histogram;deformable multiple kernels;fish stocks;fishery surveys;histogram of
oriented gradients;kernel motion;moving cameras;object feature
extraction;texture histogram;underwater cameras;underwater fish
tracking;Cameras;Deformable models;Histograms;Kernel;Object tracking;Target
tracking;Deformable part model (DPM);fisheries application;mean-shift (MS)
algorithm;moving cameras;object tracking},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2523943},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={Sept},}
@ARTICLE{7419638,
author={W. Yang and T. Yuan and W. Wang and F. Zhou and Q. Liao},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Single-Image Super-Resolution by Subdictionary Coding and Kernel
Regression},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={9},
pages={2478-2488},
abstract={In this paper, we present a new learning-based single-image super-
resolution (SR) approach, inspired by existing sparse representation-based
methods. As a promising image modeling theory, sparse representation has been
effectively applied to solve the image SR problem, usually with the use of
pretrained coupled or semi-coupled dictionaries. In our proposed method, we
train independent dictionaries for high-resolution (HR) and low-resolution (LR)
image patches to endow them more flexibility of expression. We use local
subdictionaries to adaptively code image patches, which can characterize image
local structures better and ensure the sparsity property of the image.
Furthermore, we use kernel regression to relate HR and LR coding coefficients
to capture and map the intrinsic nonlinear relationship between them. Such
mapping is of central importance in the image SR problem, because high-order
statistics play a significant role in the reconstruction of the detail
structure of an HR image. The proposed model is generic for image SR in terms
of two categories of blurring kernel. Experimental results show that our method
can effectively reconstruct image details and outperform state-of-the-art
algorithms in both quantitative and visual comparisons.},
keywords={higher order statistics;image coding;image reconstruction;image
representation;image resolution;learning (artificial intelligence);regression
analysis;adaptive image patch coding;blurring kernel;coding coefficient;detail
structure reconstruction;high-order statistics;high-resolution image
patches;image detail reconstruction;image local structure
characterization;image modeling theory;image sparsity property;intrinsic
nonlinear relationship;kernel regression;learning-based single-image
superresolution approach;local subdictionaries;low-resolution image
patches;pretrained coupled dictionaries;semicoupled dictionaries;sparse
representation-based method;subdictionary coding;Dictionaries;Encoding;Image
coding;Image reconstruction;Image resolution;Interpolation;Kernel;Kernel
regression;nonlinear mapping;sparse representation;subdictionary;super-
resolution (SR)},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2523947},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={Sept},}
@ARTICLE{7426847,
author={L. Khelifi and M. Mignotte},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={A Novel Fusion Approach Based on the Global Consistency Criterion to
Fusing Multiple Segmentations},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={9},
pages={2489-2502},
abstract={In this paper, we introduce a new fusion model whose objective is to
fuse multiple region-based segmentation maps to get a final better segmentation
result. The suggested new fusion model is based on an energy function
originated from the global consistency error (GCE), a perceptual measure which
takes into account the inherent multiscale nature of an image segmentation by
measuring the level of refinement existing between two spatial partitions.
Combined with a region merging/splitting prior, this new energy-based fusion
model of label fields allows to define an interesting penalized likelihood
estimation procedure based on the GCE criterion with which the fusion of basic,
rapidly-computed segmentation results appears as a relevant alternative
compared with other (possibly complex) segmentation techniques proposed in the
image segmentation field. The performance of our fusion model was evaluated on
the Berkeley dataset including various segmentations given by humans (manual
ground truth segmentations). The obtained results clearly demonstrate the
efficiency of this fusion model.},
keywords={graph theory;image fusion;image segmentation;optimisation;Berkeley
dataset;GCE criterion;energy function;energy-based fusion model;global
consistency criterion;global consistency error;graph theory based measure;image
segmentation;label field;multiple region-based segmentation map
fusion;penalized likelihood estimation procedure;perceptual measure;refinement
level measurement;region merging;region splitting prior;spatial
partition;Cybernetics;Energy measurement;Estimation;Image
segmentation;Indexes;Measurement uncertainty;Berkeley image dataset;cluster
ensemble algorithm;color textured image segmentation;combination of multiple
segmentations;energy-based model;global consistency error (GCE);label field
fusion;penalized likelihood model;segmentation ensemble},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2531645},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={Sept},}
@ARTICLE{7457332,
author={N. Murray and B. Lee and Y. Qiao and G. Miro-Muntean},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={The Impact of Scent Type on Olfaction-Enhanced Multimedia Quality of
Experience},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={9},
pages={2503-2515},
abstract={In the quest to increase user perceived quality of experience (QoE),
the classic audio-visual content paradigm can be extended to include media
components that stimulate other human senses. Among these, olfaction-enhanced
multimedia has attracted significant attention, as it is both attractive from
user point of view and challenging from research perspective. This paper
presents the results of two subjective studies which analyzed user QoE of
olfaction-enhanced multimedia. Diverse scent types and video content were
considered. In particular, QoE levels were studied when one and two olfaction
stimuli enhanced audiovisual media. The results presented show that scent type
influences user QoE. Statistically significant differences between pleasant and
unpleasant scent types existed. Also, in certain cases, users were prepared to
forgive the presence of unpleasant scent types with respect to QoE. Finally,
users reported a clear preference for olfaction presented after the video
sequence with which the olfaction effect should be synchronized, as opposed to
before the video sequence.},
keywords={multimedia computing;quality of experience;QoE;audio-visual content
paradigm;olfaction-enhanced multimedia;quality of experience;scent type;video
content;video sequence;Media;Multimedia communication;Olfactory;Quality of
service;Streaming media;Synchronization;Testing;Multiple sensorial media
(mulsemedia);olfaction-based mulsemedia;olfaction-enhanced multimedia;quality
of experience (QoE);sensory experience},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2531654},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={Sept},}
@ARTICLE{7445883,
author={W. Yuan and Y. Liu and H. Wang and Y. Cao},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={A Geometric Structure-Based Particle Swarm Optimization Algorithm for
Multiobjective Problems},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={9},
pages={2516-2537},
abstract={This paper presents a novel evolutionary strategy for multiobjective
optimization in which a population's evolution is guided by exploiting the
geometric structure of its Pareto front. Specifically, the Pareto front of a
particle population is regarded as a set of scattered points on which
interpolation is performed using a geometric curve/surface model to construct a
geometric parameter space. On this basis, the normal direction of this space
can be obtained and the solutions located exactly in this direction are chosen
as the guiding points. Then, the dominated solutions are processed by using a
local optimization technique with the help of these guiding points. Particle
populations can thus evolve toward optimal solutions with the guidance of such
a geometric structure. The strategy is employed to develop a fast and robust
algorithm based on correlation analysis for solving the optimization problems
with more than three objectives. A number of computational experiments have
been conducted to compare the algorithm to another three popular multiobjective
algorithms. As demonstrated in the experiments, the proposed algorithm achieves
remarkable performance in terms of the solutions obtained, robustness, and
speed of convergence.},
keywords={Pareto optimisation;convergence;correlation methods;evolutionary
computation;particle swarm optimisation;splines (mathematics);Pareto
front;correlation analysis;evolutionary strategy;geometric curve
model;geometric structure;geometric surface model;multiobjective
optimization;multiobjective problems;particle populations;particle swarm
optimization;Mathematical model;Optimization;Sociology;Splines
(mathematics);Statistics;Surface reconstruction;Surface topography;Evolution
strategy;geometric structure;multiobjective optimization;nonuniform rational B-
spline},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2523938},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={Sept},}
@ARTICLE{7445882,
author={S. Bąk and M. San Biagio and R. Kumar and V. Murino and F. Brémond},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Exploiting Feature Correlations by Brownian Statistics for People
Detection and Recognition},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={9},
pages={2538-2549},
abstract={Characterizing an image region by its feature intercorrelations is a
modern trend in computer vision. In this paper, we introduce a new image
descriptor that can be seen as a natural extension of a standard covariance
descriptor with the advantage of capturing nonlinear and nonmonotone
dependencies. Inspired from the recent advances in mathematical statistics of
Brownian motion, we can express highly complex structural information in a
compact and computationally efficient manner. We show that our Brownian
covariance descriptor can capture richer image characteristics than the
covariance descriptor. Additionally, a detailed analysis of the Brownian
manifold reveals that opposite to the classical covariance descriptor, the
proposed descriptor lies in a relatively flat manifold, which can be treated as
a Euclidean. This brings significant boost in the efficiency of the descriptor.
The effectiveness and the generality of our approach is validated on two
challenging vision tasks, pedestrian classification, and person
reidentification. The experiments are carried out on multiple datasets
achieving promising results.},
keywords={covariance analysis;image classification;image motion analysis;object
detection;pedestrians;statistics;Brownian covariance descriptor;Brownian
motion;Brownian statistics;feature correlations;feature intercorrelations;image
descriptor;image region;mathematical statistics;pedestrian
classification;people detection;people recognition;person
reidentification;Computer vision;Correlation;Covariance matrices;Feature
extraction;Manifolds;Market research;Standards;Brownian descriptor;covariance
descriptor;pedestrian detection;reidentification},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2531658},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={Sept},}
@ARTICLE{7458906,
author={Q. Fan and K. Zeitouni and N. Xiong and Q. Wu and S. Camtepe and Y. C.
Tian},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Nash Equilibrium-Based Semantic Cache in Mobile Sensor Grid Database
Systems},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={9},
pages={2550-2561},
abstract={Mobile applications are being increasingly deployed on a massive
scale in various mobile sensor grid database systems. With limited resources
from the mobile devices, how to process the huge number of queries from mobile
users with distributed sensor grid databases becomes a critical problem for
such mobile systems. While the fundamental semantic cache technique has been
investigated for query optimization in sensor grid database systems, the
problem is still difficult due to the fact that more realistic multidimensional
constraints have not been considered in existing methods. To solve the problem,
a new semantic cache scheme is presented in this paper for location-dependent
data queries in distributed sensor grid database systems. It considers
multidimensional constraints or factors in a unified cost model architecture,
determines the parameters of the cost model in the scheme by using the concept
of Nash equilibrium from game theory, and makes semantic cache decisions from
the established cost model. The scenarios of three factors of semantic, time,
and locations are investigated as special cases, which improve existing
methods. Experiments are conducted to demonstrate the semantic cache scheme
presented in this paper for distributed sensor grid database systems.},
keywords={cache storage;database management systems;game theory;grid
computing;mobile computing;optimisation;query processing;sensors;Nash
equilibrium;distributed sensor grid databases;game theory;mobile devices;mobile
sensor grid database systems;mobile user queries;query optimization;semantic
cache;Computer architecture;Database systems;Microprocessors;Mobile
communication;Mobile handsets;Optimization;Semantics;Game theory;Nash
equilibrium;location-dependent data (LDD) query;semantic cache;sensor grid
database system},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2523949},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={Sept},}
@ARTICLE{7414481,
author={R. Mutlu and G. Alici and W. Li},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Three-Dimensional Kinematic Modeling of Helix-Forming Lamina-Emergent
Soft Smart Actuators Based on Electroactive Polymers},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={9},
pages={2562-2573},
abstract={Robotic systems consisting of rigid elements connected to each other
with single degree of freedom joints have been studied extensively. Robotic
systems made of soft and smart materials are expected to provide a high
dexterity and adaptability to their physical environment, like their biological
counterparts. Electroactive polymer (EAP) actuators, also known as artificial
muscles, which can operate both in wet and in dry environments with their
promising features such as a low foot-print in activation and energy
consumption, suitability to miniaturization, noiseless, and fully compliant
operation can be employed to articulate a soft robotic system. This paper
reports on kinematic modeling of a polypyrrole-based EAP actuator which is
designed and fabricated to form helical configurations in 3-D from its
initially spiral 2-D configuration. Denavit-Hartenberg transformations are
combined with the backbone model of the actuator to establish the kinematic
model. A parametric model has then been incorporated into the kinematic model
to accurately estimate the helical configurations of the EAP actuator as a
function of time under an electrical input. Experimental and simulation
results, which are in good correlation, suggest that the proposed modeling
approach is effective enough to estimate the 3-D helical configurations of the
EAP actuator.},
keywords={electroactive polymer actuators;estimation theory;intelligent
actuators;polymers;robot dynamics;robot kinematics;shear modulus;Denavit-
Hartenberg transformations;backbone model;electroactive polymers;helical
configurations estimation;helix-forming lamina-emergent soft smart
actuators;polypyrrole-based EAP actuator;rigid elements;robotic systems;three-
dimensional kinematic modeling;Actuators;Kinematics;Polymers;Robot sensing
systems;Shape;Spirals;3-D kinematic modeling;electroactive polymer (EAP)
actuators;lamina-emergent mechanism;soft and smart actuators;soft robotics},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2523940},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={Sept},}
@ARTICLE{7434071,
author={Z. Ding and M. Pan and R. Yang and C. Jiang and M. Zhou},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Fully Expanded Tree for Property Analysis of One-Place-Unbounded Petri
Nets},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={9},
pages={2574-2585},
abstract={This paper proposes a fully expanded tree (FET) approach for one-
place-unbounded Petri nets. The FET of a one-place-unbounded Petri net consists
of all and only reachable markings from its initial marking. Its applications
to liveness and deadlock analysis for such Petri nets are developed. The
proposed method has a larger application scope than all the existing methods
for them. Several examples are provided to show its superiority over the state-
of-the-art methods.},
keywords={Petri nets;trees (mathematics);FET;deadlock analysis;fully expanded
tree;liveness analysis;one-place-unbounded Petri nets;property
analysis;Analytical models;Cybernetics;Field effect transistors;Mathematical
model;Petri nets;Subspace constraints;System recovery;Deadlock;Petri
net;discrete event system;liveness;reachability analysis},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2523944},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={Sept},}
@ARTICLE{7416234,
author={F. Basile and P. Chiacchio and J. Coppola},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Identification of Time Petri Net Models},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={9},
pages={2586-2600},
abstract={This paper deals with the identification of time Petri net systems.
An identification algorithm for timed net systems must take into account that
the firing of a transition requires not only that the enabling condition is
met, as in untimed net systems, but it is also required that the firing
interval of a transition is congruent with the observed firing instant times.
The key idea behind the approach is to express these conditions by a set of
logical propositions that can be directly transformed into linear mixed-integer
inequalities. The identification algorithm consists of building the logical
propositions from the observed behavior and solving a mixed-integer linear
programming problem.},
keywords={Petri nets;discrete event systems;identification;integer
programming;linear programming;discrete event systems;firing instant
time;identification algorithm;linear mixed-integer inequalities;logical
proposition;mixed-integer linear programming problem;time Petri net model
identification;timed net system;transition firing
interval;Acceleration;Context;Fault detection;Fault diagnosis;Petri
nets;Structural rings;Timing;Discrete-event systems;Petri nets;mixed Integer
linear programming;system identification},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2523929},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={Sept},}
@ARTICLE{7457700,
author={R. Yang and Z. Ding and M. Pan and C. Jiang and M. Zhou},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Liveness Analysis of $omega $ -Independent Petri Nets Based on New
Modified Reachability Trees},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={9},
pages={2601-2612},
abstract={Liveness of Petri nets means all activities in a modeled system can
potentially take place and thus implies deadlock freedom. The research on
liveness analysis approaches is inadequate. This paper proposes a liveness
judgment reachability graph (LJRG) approach to analyze the liveness of ω-
independent Petri nets. Such nets can be loosely explained as a class of
unbounded Petri nets in which the changes of tokens in unbounded places are not
related to each other. This paper proposes several algorithms to transform a
new modified reachability tree to a new modified reachability graph and then
transform it to an LJRG. It then develops the application of LJRG into the
liveness analysis of ω-independent unbounded Petri nets. The proposed method
provides a new theoretical method and important tool for the liveness analysis
of unbounded Petri nets. It is illustrated via some examples.},
keywords={Petri nets;reachability analysis;trees (mathematics);ω-independent
unbounded Petri nets;LJRG approach;deadlock freedom;liveness analysis;liveness
judgment reachability graph approach;modified reachability trees;Algorithm
design and analysis;Analytical models;Petri nets;Subspace constraints;System
recovery;Transforms;ω-independent Petri net;Discrete event
systems;liveness;reachability graph (RG);unbounded Petri net},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2524062},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={Sept},}
@ARTICLE{7407641,
author={W. Yang and X. Sun and Q. Liao},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Cascaded Elastically Progressive Model for Accurate Face Alignment},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={9},
pages={2613-2621},
abstract={While recently published face alignment algorithms mainly focused on
occlusion, low image quality, and complex head poses, subtle variances of
facial components were often overlooked. In this correspondence paper, we
propose a new approach called cascaded elastically progressive model aiming for
pixel-wise landmark localization. First of all, elastically progressive model
(EPM) is designed to synthesize the prior knowledge of face shape and
appearance of test image. More specifically, a novel framework referred to as
inherent linear structure (ILS) is explored for capturing the characteristics
of the shape, which is more plastic and flexible than extensively used
principle component analysis-based modeling. A locally linear support vector
machine (LL-SVM) is used as local expert for searching candidate feature
points. In order to optimally integrate ILS with localization results of LL-
SVM, we introduce Kalman filter (KF) to dynamically estimate the true shape in
the sense of least mean square error. Two schemes are utilized based on our
modeling of KF. First, we embedded heuristic line-like search strategy into the
framework to guarantee and accelerate the convergence. Second, Kalman gain is
manipulated adaptively in accordance with the confidence of the localizers so
that poorly localized points are more subject to global constraint than well
localized ones. To further improve robustness to initializations, two EPMs are
cascaded, in which primary EPM detects the global structure and secondary EPM
captures the details. Validation experiments are conducted on in-the-wild LFPW
and HELEN databases. Our method shows advantages for accurate landmark
localization compared with prevailing methods.},
keywords={Kalman filters;convergence;face recognition;least mean squares
methods;pose estimation;principal component analysis;shape recognition;support
vector machines;CEPM;ILS;KF;Kalman filter;LL-SVM;accurate face
alignment;cascaded elastically progressive model;complex head
poses;convergence;face shape;inherent linear structure;least mean square
error;locally linear support vector machine;low image quality;occlusion;pixel-
wise landmark localization;principle component analysis;Analytical
models;Estimation;Face;Kalman filters;Mathematical model;Principal component
analysis;Shape;Cascaded elastically progressive model (CEPM);Kalman filter
(KF);face alignment;inherent linear structure (ILS)},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2523930},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={Sept},}
@ARTICLE{7870693,
author={F. Basile and P. Chiacchio and J. Coppola},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Corrections to #x201C;Identification of Time Petri Net Models #x201D;},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={9},
pages={2622-2623},
abstract={In the above paper [1] there are several errors.},
keywords={Cybernetics;Mathematics;Petri nets},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2017.2664438},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={Sept},}
@ARTICLE{8011598,
author={},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Introducing IEEE Collabratec},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={9},
pages={2624-2624},
abstract={Advertisement, IEEE. IEEE Collabratec is a new, integrated online
community where IEEE members, researchers, authors, and technology
professionals with similar fields of interest can network and collaborate, as
well as create and manage content. Featuring a suite of powerful online
networking and collaboration tools, IEEE Collabratec allows you to connect
according to geographic location, technical interests, or career pursuits. You
can also create and share a professional identity that showcases key
accomplishments and participate in groups focused around mutual interests,
actively learning from and contributing to knowledgeable communities. All in
one place! Learn about IEEE Collabratec at ieeecollabratec.org.},
keywords={},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2017.2740479},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={Sept},}
@ARTICLE{8011596,
author={},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={IEEE Systems, Man, and Cybernetics Society Information},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={9},
pages={C3-C3},
abstract={"Presents a listing of the editorial board, board of governors,
current staff, committee members, and/or society editors for this issue of the
publication."},
keywords={},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2017.2738385},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={Sept},}
@ARTICLE{8011593,
author={},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={IEEE Transactions on Human-Machine Systems information for authors},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={9},
pages={C4-C4},
abstract={These instructions give guidelines for preparing papers for this
publication. Presents information for authors publishing in this journal.},
keywords={},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2017.2738383},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={Sept},}
