@ARTICLE{7339706,
author={Y. Chang and A. L. Erera and C. C. White},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Risk Assessment of Deliberate Contamination of Food Production
Facilities},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={3},
pages={381-393},
abstract={The deliberate contamination of food is well recognized as a major
public health threat. A food supply chain offers several possible targets for
the intentional insertion of a biological or chemical toxin by a perpetrator,
which can result in significant morbidity and mortality. We assume that both
manager (defender) of the food production facility and perpetrator (attacker)
select actions at each of a possibly countable number of decision epochs, based
on possibly inaccurate real-time observations of the other agent. The
defender's objectives are to maximize long-run expected total discounted system
productivity and to minimize the long-run expected total discounted consequence
of an attack. The attacker's objective is to maximize its reward, which
combines the long-run expected total discounted consequence of an attack with a
penalty if the attack is unsuccessful. We model this problem as a leader-
follower, two-agent partially observed Markov game. We show that system risk is
dynamic, determine the impact of observation accuracy on facility productivity
and risk, thus providing a measure of the value of information, and perform a
sensitivity analysis on key parameters. We present an illustrative example
involving a liquid egg production system.},
keywords={Markov processes;contamination;food processing industry;food
safety;game theory;production management;productivity;risk
management;toxicology;Markov game;biological toxin;chemical toxin;decision
epochs;deliberate food contamination;food production facilities;food supply
chain;liquid egg production system;public health threat;risk assessment;system
productivity;Analytical models;Contamination;Games;Liquids;Risk
management;Terrorism;Artificial intelligence;Markov decision process;food
security;risk analysis},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2015.2500822},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={March},}
@ARTICLE{7362235,
author={M. Kárný and R. Herzallah},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Scalable Harmonization of Complex Networks With Local Adaptive
Controllers},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={3},
pages={394-404},
abstract={Computational and communication complexities call for distributed,
robust, and adaptive control. This paper proposes a promising way of bottom-up
design of distributed control in which simple controllers are responsible for
individual nodes. The overall behavior of the network can be achieved by
interconnecting such controlled loops in cascade control for example and by
enabling the individual nodes to share information about data with their
neighbors without aiming at unattainable global solution. The problem is
addressed by employing a fully probabilistic design, which can cope with
inherent uncertainties, that can be implemented adaptively and which provide a
systematic rich way to information sharing. This paper elaborates the overall
solution, applies it to linear-Gaussian case, and provides simulation
results.},
keywords={adaptive control;cascade control;complex networks;distributed
control;probability;robust control;cascade control;complex networks;distributed
robust adaptive controller;fully probabilistic design;scalable
harmonization;Adaptation models;Adaptive control;Bayes methods;Complex
networks;Complexity theory;Estimation;Probabilistic logic;Adaptive
control;Adaptive estimation;Bayes methods;Complex networks;Decentralized
control;Feedback;Feedforward systems;Recursive estimation},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2015.2502427},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={March},}
@ARTICLE{7374719,
author={A. Salado and R. Nilchiani},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Reducing Excess Requirements Through Orthogonal Categorizations During
Problem Formulation: Results of a Factorial Experiment},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={3},
pages={405-415},
abstract={Problem formulation lays at the heart of systems engineering. While
an over-constrained solution space may yield no satisficing solution
affordably, properly defined solution spaces may enable developing solutions
with high levels of affordability. Therefore, effective requirement elicitation
from stakeholder needs is key to achieve a proper definition of the problem to
be solved. Categorizing requirements according to predefined taxonomies is an
inherent part of this activity and they are as diverse as engineering
industries are. Conventional approaches, which use a designer-perspective, a
contractual perspective, or a combination of both, facilitate the generation of
excess facilitate the generation of excess requirements during requirements
elicitation due to promoted design biases and overlaps between the different
categories. In order to mitigate those problems, orthogonal, system-centric
categorization methods have been proposed as a potential solution. Yet,
research has not measured the influence of any type of requirement taxonomy on
the effectiveness in defining solution spaces of maximum size, i.e., without
excess requirements with respect to a given set of stakeholder needs. In order
to fill in this gap, this paper presents the results of a factorial experiment
involving systems engineering practitioners that compares the effectiveness in
eliciting less excess requirements of an orthogonal, system-centric
categorization method versus traditional ones.},
keywords={formal specification;systems analysis;systems engineering;contractual
perspective;designer-perspective;excess requirements reduction;factorial
experiment;orthogonal categorizations;over-constrained solution space;problem
formulation;requirement taxonomy;system-centric categorization methods;systems
engineering;Industries;Instruments;Modeling;Requirements
engineering;Stakeholders;Standards;Behavioral science;decision-making;design
methodology;requirements elicitation;requirements engineering;system analysis
and design;systems engineering},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2015.2502953},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={March},}
@ARTICLE{7432052,
author={S. Jiang and M. Liu and J. Hao},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={A Two-Phase Soft Optimization Method for the Uncertain Scheduling
Problem in the Steelmaking Industry},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={3},
pages={416-431},
abstract={In this paper, an uncertain scheduling problem arising from the
steelmaking-continuous casting (SCC) production system is investigated. For the
practical SCC production system, it is difficult to obtain a schedule with
better performance using traditional deterministic scheduling methods since
there exists uncertainty in processing times. According to the analysis on
characteristics of the uncertain SCC scheduling problem (SCCSP), we construct a
soft-form schedule which includes slack ratios as characteristic indexes and
the job sequence at the casting stage as key decision variables to cope with
the uncertainty in processing times, and propose a two-phase soft optimization
method to solve the uncertain SCCSP with the just-in-time and the waiting time
objectives under the break probability. In the first phase, the continuous
estimation distribution algorithm (EDA) with the ordinal optimization policy is
proposed to optimize slack ratios under the chance constraint, in which the
optimal computing budget allocation with constrained optimization is applied to
reduce the computational burden. In the second phase, based on the above
optimized characteristic indexes, the discrete EDA with a local search
procedure is proposed to optimize the job sequence at the casting stage.
Finally, computational experiments with various scales and noise levels are
performed to validate the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm.},
keywords={casting;distributed algorithms;just-in-
time;optimisation;probability;scheduling;search problems;steel
industry;SCCSP;break probability;chance constraint;characteristic
indexes;continuous estimation distribution algorithm;discrete EDA;job sequence
optimization;just-in-time;local search procedure;optimal computing budget
allocation;ordinal optimization policy;slack ratio optimization;soft-form
scheduling;steelmaking industry;steelmaking-continuous casting production
system;two-phase soft optimization method;uncertain SCC scheduling
problem;uncertain scheduling problem;waiting time objectives;Casting;Job shop
scheduling;Optimization;Schedules;Steel;Estimation distribution algorithm
(EDA);soft optimization;steelmaking-continuous casting;uncertain scheduling},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2015.2503388},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={March},}
@ARTICLE{7362028,
author={F. van Westrenen and J. Ellerbroek},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={The Effect of Traffic Complexity on the Development of Near Misses on
the North Sea},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={3},
pages={432-440},
abstract={Vessel traffic is changing due to changing transport demands, larger
ships, and new use of sea space, such as windmill parks. This may have an
effect on the risks at sea. This paper uses ship state information provided by
automatic identification system-messages to analyze the traffic on the North
Sea. From the ship-state information conflict situations are selected, i.e.,
situations where the ships need to maneuver to avoid collision. In addition,
situations of near-miss collisions are calculated. It was found that complex
conflicts lead to more near misses. It was also found that near misses are not
spread evenly over the sea but are concentrated in a number of specific
locations. These findings may be important for the design of route structures
for ships, as well as for investigations into methods to resolve complex
conflict situations.},
keywords={marine safety;ships;transportation;North Sea;automatic identification
system-messages;near-miss collisions;ship state information;traffic
complexity;Accidents;Complexity theory;Marine vehicles;Navigation;Probabilistic
logic;Safety;Uncertainty;Collision risk;maritime traffic;near miss;solution
space;traffic complexity},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2015.2503605},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={March},}
@ARTICLE{7383323,
author={D. Ye and M. Zhang and A. V. Vasilakos},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={A Survey of Self-Organization Mechanisms in Multiagent Systems},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={3},
pages={441-461},
abstract={This paper surveys the literature over the last decades in the field
of self-organizing multiagent systems. Self-organization has been extensively
studied and applied in multiagent systems and other fields, e.g., sensor
networks and grid systems. Self-organization mechanisms in other fields have
been thoroughly surveyed. However, there has not been a survey of self-
organization mechanisms developed for use in multiagent systems. In this paper,
we provide a survey of existing literature on self-organization mechanisms in
multiagent systems. We also highlight the future work on key research issues in
multiagent systems. This paper can serve as a guide and a starting point for
anyone who will conduct research on self-organization in multiagent systems.
Also, this paper complements existing survey studies on self-organization in
multiagent systems.},
keywords={multi-agent systems;self-adjusting systems;self-organization
mechanisms;self-organizing multiagent systems;Heating;Multi-agent
systems;Organizations;Protocols;Software;Temperature
sensors;Thermostats;Distributed artificial intelligence;multiagent
systems;self-organization},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2015.2504350},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={March},}
@ARTICLE{7374735,
author={G. Levitin and L. Xing and Y. Dai},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Reliability Versus Expected Mission Cost and Uncompleted Work in
Heterogeneous Warm Standby Multiphase Systems},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={3},
pages={462-473},
abstract={This paper considers 1-out-of-N : G warm standby (WS) systems subject
to multiple-phased mission requirements, where performance, failure behavior,
operation cost, replacement time, and cost of system elements can vary from
phase to phase due to changing working conditions and stress levels. The system
succeeds if its elements can accomplish a specified mission task within the
maximum allowed time. A numerical algorithm is proposed for evaluating mission
indices, including system reliability, expected mission cost, and expected
uncompleted work of the heterogeneous, dynamic standby system considered. The
influence of the maximum allowed mission time on mission indices is
investigated. As demonstrated through examples, the proposed algorithm can also
facilitate a determination of mission interruption based on reliability or
cost-oriented criteria. Based on the proposed algorithm, an unconstrained
optimal standby element sequencing problem is then formulated and solved for
heterogeneous WS multiphase systems. The problem is to find the optimal
activation sequence of system elements maximizing system reliability, or
minimizing expected mission cost, or minimizing expected uncompleted work. The
constrained optimization problems of minimizing expected mission cost subject
to providing a desired level of mission reliability or uncompleted work are
also solved. Illustrative examples of these optimization problems and their
applications in estimating the role of each element in the mission success are
presented.},
keywords={costing;minimisation;reliability theory;1-out-of-N : G WS systems;1-
out-of-N : G warm standby systems;constrained optimization;cost-oriented
criteria;dynamic standby system;expected mission cost minimisation;expected
uncompleted work minimization;failure behavior;heterogeneous WS multiphase
systems;heterogeneous standby system;heterogeneous warm standby multiphase
systems;mission index evaluation;mission interruption;multiple-phased mission
requirements;numerical algorithm;operation cost;optimal activation
sequence;replacement time;stress levels;system reliability;unconstrained
optimal standby element sequencing problem;Heuristic
algorithms;Interrupters;Optimization;Redundancy;Sequential
analysis;Stress;Mission cost;mission interruption;phase-mission
system;reliability;uncompleted work;warm standby (WS)},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2015.2505643},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={March},}
@ARTICLE{7365460,
author={S. Alkassar and W. L. Woo and S. S. Dlay and J. A. Chambers},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Robust Sclera Recognition System With Novel Sclera Segmentation and
Validation Techniques},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={3},
pages={474-486},
abstract={Sclera blood veins have been investigated recently as a biometric
trait which can be used in a recognition system. The sclera is the white and
opaque outer protective part of the eye. This part of the eye has visible blood
veins which are randomly distributed. This feature makes these blood veins a
promising factor for eye recognition. The sclera has an advantage in that it
can be captured using a visible-wavelength camera. Therefore, applications
which may involve the sclera are wide ranging. The contribution of this paper
is the design of a robust sclera recognition system with high accuracy. The
system comprises of new sclera segmentation and occluded eye detection methods.
We also propose an efficient method for vessel enhancement, extraction, and
binarization. In the feature extraction and matching process stages, we
additionally develop an efficient method, that is, orientation, scale,
illumination, and deformation invariant. The obtained results using UBIRIS.v1
and UTIRIS databases show an advantage in terms of segmentation accuracy and
computational complexity compared with state-of-the-art methods due to Thomas,
Oh, Zhou, and Das.},
keywords={computational complexity;eye;feature extraction;image
enhancement;image matching;image segmentation;vein recognition;visual
databases;UBIRIS.v1 databases;UTIRIS databases;biometric trait;computational
complexity;deformation invariant;eye recognition;feature extraction;feature
matching;illumination invariant;occluded eye detection methods;orientation
invariant;random distribution;robust sclera recognition system;scale
invariant;sclera blood veins;sclera segmentation;sclera validation;segmentation
accuracy;vessel binarization;vessel enhancement;vessel extraction;visible-
wavelength camera;Active contours;Biomedical imaging;Blood vessels;Feature
extraction;Image segmentation;Iris recognition;Shape;Biometrics;feature
extraction;pattern recognition;sclera recognition;wavelet transforms},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2015.2505649},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={March},}
@ARTICLE{7370812,
author={M. Dotoli and N. Epicoco and M. Falagario and C. Seatzu and B.
Turchiano},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={A Decision Support System for Optimizing Operations at Intermodal
Railroad Terminals},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={3},
pages={487-501},
abstract={In this paper, we present a decision support tool to optimize two of
the most critical activities in intermodal railroad container terminals, in an
iterative and integrated framework devoted to the terminal profit improvement.
First, the model allows optimizing the freight trains composition, maximizing
the company profit, while respecting physical and economic constraints, and
placing in the train head/tail containers prosecuting to subsequent
destinations. Hence, based on the resulting train composition, the decision
support system allows optimizing the containers allocation in the terminal
storage yard, in order to maximize the filling level while respecting physical
constraints. The model is successfully tested on a real case study, the inland
railroad terminal of a leading Italian intermodal logistics company.},
keywords={decision support systems;freight containers;freight
handling;logistics;optimisation;profitability;railway
engineering;warehousing;Italian intermodal logistics company;company profit
maximization;container allocation;decision support system;economic
constraints;filling level maximization;freight trains composition;integrated
frame- work;intermodal railroad container terminals;intermodal railroad
terminals operation optimization;iterative framework;physical
constraints;terminal profit improvement;terminal storage yard;train head-tail
containers;Companies;Containers;Decision support systems;Load
modeling;Loading;Optimization;Transportation;Decision support system
(DSS);intermodal freight transport;optimization;railroad terminal;train
composition;yard container storage},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2015.2506540},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={March},}
@ARTICLE{7395391,
author={F. Yang and N. Wu and Y. Qiao and M. Zhou and Z. Li},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Scheduling of Single-Arm Cluster Tools for an Atomic Layer Deposition
Process With Residency Time Constraints},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={3},
pages={502-516},
abstract={In semiconductor manufacturing, there are wafer fabrication processes
with wafer revisiting. Some of them must meet wafer residency time constraints.
Taking atomic layer deposition (ALD) as a typical wafer revisiting process,
this paper studies the challenging scheduling problem of single-arm cluster
tools for the ALD process with wafer residency time constraints. It is found
that there are only several scheduling strategies that are applicable to this
problem and one needs to apply each of them to decide whether a feasible
schedule can be found or not. This work, for each applicable strategy, performs
the schedulability analysis and derives the schedulability conditions for such
tools for the first time. It proposes scheduling algorithms to obtain an
optimal schedule efficiently if such conditions are met. It finally gives
illustrative examples to show the application of the proposed concepts and
approach.},
keywords={atomic layer deposition;scheduling;semiconductor
industry;semiconductor technology;ALD;atomic layer deposition process;residency
time constraints;schedulability analysis;semiconductor manufacturing;single-arm
cluster tools;wafer fabrication process;wafer revisiting;Job shop
scheduling;Optimal scheduling;Petri nets;Robots;Schedules;Semiconductor device
modeling;Time factors;Cluster tool;discrete event system;robotic
system;scheduling;semiconductor manufacturing},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2015.2507140},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={March},}
@ARTICLE{7366610,
author={Y. Hou and N. Wu and M. Zhou and Z. Li},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Pareto-Optimization for Scheduling of Crude Oil Operations in Refinery
via Genetic Algorithm},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={3},
pages={517-530},
abstract={With the interaction of discrete-event and continuous processes, it
is challenging to schedule crude oil operations in a refinery. This paper
studies the optimization problem of finding a detailed schedule to realize a
given refining schedule. This is a multiobjective optimization problem with a
combinatorial nature. Since the original problem cannot be directly solved by
using heuristics and meta-heuristics, the problem is transformed into an
assignment problem of charging tanks and distillers. Based on such a
transformation, by analyzing the properties of the problem, this paper develops
a chromosome that can describe a feasible schedule such that meta-heuristics
can be applied. Then, it innovatively adopts an improved nondominated sorting
genetic algorithm to solve the problem for the first time. An industrial case
study is used to test the proposed solution method. The results show that the
method makes a significant performance improvement and is applicable to real-
life refinery scheduling problems.},
keywords={Pareto optimisation;crude oil;genetic algorithms;scheduling;Pareto
optimization;charging tanks;crude oil
operations;distillers;metaheuristics;nondominated sorting genetic
algorithm;performance improvement;refinery scheduling problems;Genetic
algorithms;Job shop scheduling;Optimal scheduling;Pipelines;Schedules;Storage
tanks;Crude oil operations;discrete-event and hybrid system;genetic algorithm
(GA);short-term scheduling},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2015.2507161},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={March},}
@ARTICLE{7365471,
author={X. Han and Z. Chen and Z. Liu and Q. Zhang},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Calculation of Siphons and Minimal Siphons in Petri Nets Based on Semi-
Tensor Product of Matrices},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={3},
pages={531-536},
abstract={In this paper, we address the problems of enumerating siphons and
minimal siphons in ordinary Petri nets (PNs) by resorting to the semi-tensor
product (STP) of matrices. First, a matrix equation, called the siphon equation
(SE), is established by using STP. Second, an algorithm is proposed to
calculate all siphons in ordinary PNs. An example is presented to illustrate
the theoretical results and show that the proposed method is more effective
than other existing methods in calculating all siphons of PNs. Third, an
efficient recursion algorithm is also proposed, which can be applied to
computing all minimal siphons for any ordinary PNs. Last, some results on the
computational complexity of the proposed algorithms, in this paper, are
provided, as well as experimental results.},
keywords={Petri nets;computational complexity;discrete event systems;matrix
multiplication;tensors;SE;STP of matrices;computational complexity;matrix
equation;ordinary Petri nets;semitensor product of matrices;siphon
equation;Algorithm design and analysis;Complexity theory;Computers;Control
engineering;Mathematical model;Petri nets;System recovery;Discrete event
systems (DESs);Petri nets (PNs);minimal siphons;semi-tensor product (STP) of
matrices;siphon equation (SE)},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2015.2507162},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={March},}
@ARTICLE{7364287,
author={H. Li and Y. Ji and L. Chen and R. J. Jiao},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Bi-Level Coordinated Configuration Optimization for Product-Service
System Modular Design},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={3},
pages={537-554},
abstract={Product-service systems (PSSs) deploy a selection of products and
services in order to cope with diverse markets, so as to achieve a higher
profit than would be possible by offering physical products alone. Modular
design inherently contributes to the sustainability performance of PSS by
material and resource reuse through the configuration of physical product and
service modules. PSS configuration design is enacted through service
configuration in line with product configuration; this entails two separate yet
coordinated optimization problems, enabling customer satisfaction through
service configuration and manufacturers' sales profits through product
configuration, respectively. Traditional multiobjective optimization approaches
assume that the conflicting goals between customers and manufacturers can be
aggregated into one single objective function through cooperative protocols,
such as a weighted sum; in practice, this scarcely holds true. Consistent with
game-theory decision-making, it is necessary to leverage the concerns of
customers and manufacturers within a coherent framework of equilibrium
solutions. This paper proposes a bi-level coordinated optimization framework to
support PSS configuration design. An upper-level optimization problem is
formulated for service configuration to act as a leader in the achievement of
customer satisfaction, and a lower-level optimization problem is formulated for
product configuration to act as a follower in an effort to enhance sales
profits. Coordination between the upper and lower levels coincides with the
tradeoffs underlying the conflicting goals that exist between customers and
manufacturers. A constrained genetic algorithm is developed to solve the bi-
level optimization model, and a case study of transformer PSS configuration
design is reported to illustrate the feasibility and potential of bi-level
coordinated configuration.},
keywords={customer satisfaction;customer services;decision making;design
engineering;genetic algorithms;product life cycle
management;profitability;sales management;sustainable development;PSS;PSS
configuration design;bilevel coordinated configuration optimization;bilevel
optimization model;cooperative protocols;customer satisfaction;diverse
markets;equilibrium solutions;game-theory decision-making;genetic
algorithm;manufacturer sales profits;multiobjective optimization
approaches;physical products;product configuration;product-service system
modular design;service configuration;sustainability performance;Customer
satisfaction;Decision making;Genetic algorithms;Industries;Mathematical
model;Optimization;Bi-level programming;configuration design
optimization;genetic programming;modular design;product-service systems
(PSSs)},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2015.2507407},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={March},}
@ARTICLE{7416214,
author={S. Deng and L. Huang and J. Taheri and J. Yin and M. Zhou and A. Y.
Zomaya},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Mobility-Aware Service Composition in Mobile Communities},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={3},
pages={555-568},
abstract={The advances in mobile technologies enable mobile devices to perform
tasks that are traditionally run by personal computers as well as provide
services to the others. Mobile users can form a service sharing community
within an area by using their mobile devices. This paper highlights several
challenges involved in building such service compositions in mobile communities
when both service requesters and providers are mobile. To deal with them, we
first propose a mobile service provisioning architecture named a mobile service
sharing community and then propose a service composition approach by utilizing
the Krill-Herd algorithm. To evaluate the effectiveness and efficiency of our
approach, we build a simulation tool. The experimental results demonstrate that
our approach can obtain superior solutions as compared with current standard
composition methods in mobile environments. It can yield near-optimal solutions
and has a nearly linear complexity with respect to a problem size.},
keywords={Web services;mobile computing;mobile handsets;service-oriented
architecture;Krill-Herd algorithm;linear complexity;mobile devices;mobile
service provisioning architecture;mobile service sharing community;mobile
users;mobility-aware service composition;personal computers;service composition
approach;service providers;service requesters;Libraries;Mobile
communication;Mobile computing;Mobile handsets;Protocols;Sensors;Web
services;Mobile community;mobile Web service;service composition;service-
oriented architecture},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2521736},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={March},}
@ARTICLE{7407666,
author={Z. Liu and P. Smith and T. Park and A. A. Trindade and Q. Hui},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Automated Contaminant Source Localization in Spatio-Temporal Fields: A
Response Surface and Experimental Design Approach},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={3},
pages={569-583},
abstract={We propose a contaminant detection methodology suitable for robotic
automation, which is able to not only locate the source(s) of the contaminant
but also estimate its intensity in an environment that is allowed to evolve
over both space and time. The essential idea is to flexibly model the
contaminant field surface nonlinearly via radial basis functions and to utilize
basic notions from the statistical design of experiments concerning optimal
placement of observations in order to make incremental decisions about robot
movements. Algorithms are presented for determining such movements and the
subsequent collection of measurements in three different cases corresponding to
different modes of spatio-temporal evolution. The result is an iterative scheme
that gradually locates the peaks (sources), as well as the entire contaminant
surface. The performance of the method is assessed through simulations from
known surfaces. Theoretical issues concerning convergence of parameter
estimates in a multiple robots scenario are examined. The method can
accommodate measurement noise and does not rely on surface gradient
information.},
keywords={SLAM (robots);control engineering computing;design of
experiments;feature extraction;multi-agent systems;multi-robot
systems;pollution control;pollution measurement;radial basis function
networks;response surface methodology;spatiotemporal phenomena;automated
contaminant source localization;contaminant detection methodology;contaminant
field surface;measurement noise;multiple mobile robotic agents;radial basis
functions;response surface methodology;robot movements;robotic
automation;spatio-temporal evolution;spatio-temporal fields;statistical design
of experiments;Mobile communication;Pollution measurement;Response surface
methodology;Robot kinematics;Surface contamination;Contaminant detection;design
of experiments (DoEs);multirobot systems;plume tracing;plume tracking;radial
basis functions (RBFs);response surface methodology (RSM);source
localization;spatio-temporal fields},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2521822},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={March},}
@ARTICLE{7362234,
author={M. Prasad and C. T. Lin and D. L. Li and C. T. Hong and W. P. Ding and
J. Y. Chang},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Soft-Boosted Self-Constructing Neural Fuzzy Inference Network},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={3},
pages={584-588},
abstract={This correspondence paper proposes an improved version of the self-
constructing neural fuzzy inference network (SONFIN), called soft-boosted
SONFIN (SB-SONFIN). The design softly boosts the learning process of the SONFIN
in order to decrease the error rate and enhance the learning speed. The SB-
SONFIN boosts the learning power of the SONFIN by taking into account the
numbers of fuzzy rules and initial weights which are two important parameters
of the SONFIN, SB-SONFIN advances the learning process by: 1) initializing the
weights with the width of the fuzzy sets rather than just with random values
and 2) improving the parameter learning rates with the number of learned fuzzy
rules. The effectiveness of the proposed soft boosting scheme is validated on
several real world and benchmark datasets. The experimental results show that
the SB-SONFIN possesses the capability to outperform other known methods on
various datasets.},
keywords={fuzzy neural nets;fuzzy reasoning;fuzzy set theory;fuzzy rules;fuzzy
sets;learning process;parameter learning rates;self-constructing neural fuzzy
inference network;soft boosting scheme;soft-boosted SONFIN;soft-boosted self-
constructing neural fuzzy inference network;Benchmark
testing;Boosting;Cybernetics;Fuzzy sets;Time series analysis;Training;Fuzzy
neural network;online learning system;parameter learning;soft boost;structure
learning},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2015.2507139},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={March},}
