@ARTICLE{7435349,
author={J. Li and X. Meng and M. Zhou and X. Dai},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={A Two-Stage Approach to Path Planning and Collision Avoidance of
Multibridge Machining Systems},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={7},
pages={1039-1049},
abstract={Owing to large production capacity and high efficiency, multibridge
machining systems (MBMSs) have gained increasing attention in industry. Their
multiple bridge machines work concurrently in their serially arranged and
partially overlapping workspaces. To solve totally the job scheduling and
collision resolution problems of MBMS, our prior work proposes a serial-colored
traveling salesman problem (S-CTSP)-based method. Each salesman in S-CTSP
visits his exclusive cities and some cities shared with his neighbor(s). To
endow MBMS with fault-tolerance ability, this paper presents a two-stage method
for both static path planning and dynamic collision avoidance of multiple
machines. At the first stage, the path planning problem abstracted as an S-CTSP
is solved by a population-based incremental learning (PBIL) algorithm. The PBIL
introduces a local search operation, two types of possibility vectors, and a
selection strategy of exclusive and shared cities. The second stage uses a
Petri net supervisor to dynamically avoid any emerging collision when
performing the scheduled work. This work also provides a novel priority net
structure to prevent mutual waiting of two neighboring machines ready to enter
their overlapping workspace. Then, we apply the presented method to a large
tribridge waterjet cutting case to show its performance.},
keywords={Petri nets;collision avoidance;control engineering computing;learning
(artificial intelligence);production engineering computing;scheduling;search
problems;travelling salesman problems;water jet cutting;MBMS;PBIL;Petri net
supervisor;S-CTSP;collision resolution problems;dynamic collision
avoidance;fault-tolerance ability;job scheduling;local search
operation;multibridge machining systems;partially overlapping workspaces;path
planning;population-based incremental learning algorithm;priority net
structure;production capacity;serial-colored traveling salesman problem-based
method;static path planning;tribridge waterjet cutting;Collision avoidance;Job
shop scheduling;Machining;Path planning;Petri nets;Robot kinematics;Collision
avoidance;Petri nets;colored traveling salesman problem;discrete event
system;modeling and analysis;multibridge machining systems;multiple traveling
salesman problem;path planning;population-based incremental learning},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2531648},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={July},}
@ARTICLE{7426840,
author={L. Ma and Z. Wang and H. K. Lam},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Mean-Square $H_infty $ Consensus Control for a Class of Nonlinear Time-
Varying Stochastic Multiagent Systems: The Finite-Horizon Case},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={7},
pages={1050-1060},
abstract={This paper deals with the consensus control problem for a class of
nonlinear discrete time-varying stochastic multiagent systems (MASs) over a
finite horizon via static output feedback. The measurement output available for
the controller is not only from the individual agent itself but also from its
neighboring ones according to the given topology. The nonlinearities described
by statistical means can encompass several classes of well-studied
nonlinearities in the literature. A new index of mean-square consensus
performance, which quantifies the deviation level from the state of individual
agent to the average value of all agents' states, is proposed to reflect the
transient consensus behavior of the MAS. The purpose of the addressed problem
is to design a time-varying output feedback controller such that: 1) the H∞
consensus performance defined over a given finite horizon is guaranteed with
respect to the additive noises and 2) at each time step, the mean-square
consensus performance satisfies the prespecified upper bound constraint. By
using a set of recursive matrix inequalities, sufficient conditions are derived
for the existence of the desired control scheme for achieving both H∞ and mean-
square consensus performance requirements. Finally, a simulation example is
utilized to illustrate the usefulness of the proposed control protocol.},
keywords={H∞ control;discrete systems;feedback;least mean squares
methods;linear matrix inequalities;multi-agent systems;nonlinear control
systems;stochastic systems;MAS;control protocol;finite-horizon case;mean-square
H∞ consensus control;mean-square consensus performance;nonlinear discrete time-
varying stochastic multiagent systems;recursive matrix inequalities;static
output feedback;time-varying output feedback controller;transient consensus
behavior;upper bound constraint;Control systems;Linear matrix
inequalities;Multi-agent systems;Stochastic processes;Symmetric matrices;Time-
varying systems;Topology;H∞ consensus control;Discrete time-varying stochastic
systems;finite horizon;mean-square consensus control;time-varying multiagent
systems (MASs)},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2531657},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={July},}
@ARTICLE{7447805,
author={G. Cotugno and K. Althoefer and T. Nanayakkara},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={The Role of the Thumb: Study of Finger Motion in Grasping and
Reachability Space in Human and Robotic Hands},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={7},
pages={1061-1070},
abstract={It is well acknowledged that the opposing thumb granted humans
advanced manipulation capabilities. However, such a feature is not
statistically quantified, and its representation is not formally addressed in
robotics yet. This paper studies whether the displacement of the opposing thumb
in humans is a determining factor for shaping the grip. Using statistical
analysis of the variability of motion capture data from the GRASP database, we
found that the displacement of the thumb plays a leading role on the shaping of
the grip, independently from the specific object being grasped. Furthermore, we
map and compare the reachability spaces of the human thumb and two state-of-
the-art robotic thumbs: (1) the shadow and (2) the iCub hands. We conclude that
the kinematics of robotic thumbs does not evenly span the reachability space of
the human thumb, favoring precision grasping motions. Hence, our findings
contribute to the discussion of the optimal modeling of robotic hands.},
keywords={manipulator kinematics;motion control;reachability
analysis;statistical analysis;finger motion;grasping motions;human
hands;reachability space;robotic hands;robotic thumbs kinematics;statistical
analysis;Grasping;Grippers;Kinematics;Robot
kinematics;Standards;Thumb;Dexterous manipulation;grasping;humanoid
robots;kinematics;multifingered hands},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2531679},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={July},}
@ARTICLE{7442588,
author={Q. Zhang and D. Zhao and Y. Zhu},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Event-Triggered $H_infty $ Control for Continuous-Time Nonlinear System
via Concurrent Learning},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={7},
pages={1071-1081},
abstract={In this paper, the H∞ optimal control problem for a class of
continuous-time nonlinear systems is investigated using event-triggered method.
First, the H∞ optimal control problem is formulated as a two-player zero-sum
(ZS) differential game. Then, an adaptive triggering condition is derived for
the ZS game with an event-triggered control policy and a time-triggered
disturbance policy. The event-triggered controller is updated only when the
triggering condition is not satisfied. Therefore, the communication between the
plant and the controller is reduced. Furthermore, a positive lower bound on the
minimal intersample time is provided to avoid Zeno behavior. For implementation
purpose, the event-triggered concurrent learning algorithm is proposed, where
only one critic neural network (NN) is used to approximate the value function,
the control policy and the disturbance policy. During the learning process, the
traditional persistence of excitation condition is relaxed using the recorded
data and instantaneous data together. Meanwhile, the stability of closed-loop
system and the uniform ultimate boundedness (UUB) of the critic NN's parameters
are proved by using Lyapunov technique. Finally, simulation results verify the
feasibility to the ZS game and the corresponding H∞ control problem.},
keywords={H∞ control;Lyapunov methods;adaptive control;closed loop
systems;continuous time systems;differential games;learning
systems;neurocontrollers;nonlinear control systems;stability;H∞ optimal control
problem;Lyapunov technique;Zeno behavior;adaptive triggering condition;closed-
loop system stability;continuous-time nonlinear system;critic neural
network;event-triggered H∞ control;event-triggered concurrent learning
algorithm;event-triggered control policy;excitation condition;time-triggered
disturbance policy;two-player zero-sum differential game;uniform ultimate
boundedness;Algorithm design and analysis;Artificial neural
networks;Games;Heuristic algorithms;Nonlinear systems;Optimal control;Stability
analysis;H∞ optimal control;Concurrent learning;event-triggered control;neural
networks (NNs);zero-sum (ZS) game},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2531680},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={July},}
@ARTICLE{7436789,
author={X. Wang and Z. Li and W. M. Wonham},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Optimal Priority-Free Conditionally-Preemptive Real-Time Scheduling of
Periodic Tasks Based on DES Supervisory Control},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={7},
pages={1082-1098},
abstract={This paper presents a general discrete-event system (DES)-based hard
periodic real-time task model. Based on supervisory control theory (SCT), an
optimal priority-free real-time scheduling technique is proposed to process all
the tasks running in uniprocessor or multiprocessor real-time systems (RTS).
The preemption relation in this paper generalizes priority-based preemption.
First, regular languages are utilized to describe the processor behavior
related to each task's execution. Thereafter, the languages are represented by
DES generators. Finally, the global processor behavior is generated as the
synchronous product of these DES generators. By discarding the priorities, a
novel preemption policy, namely conditional-preemption, is developed. Two sets
of conditional-preemption specifications are developed, on the processor level
and task level, respectively. Moreover, in order to control the system to be
nonblocking and also limit the worst-case response time of the tasks, two
corresponding sets of specifications are presented. After generating the global
specification as the synchronous product, by implementing SCT the calculated
supervisor can provide all the safe real-time execution sequences. The
supervisor calculation can be sped up by a three-step algorithm. Finally, the
real-time scheduling is implemented for real-world examples.},
keywords={discrete event systems;formal languages;multiprocessing
systems;processor scheduling;real-time systems;DES;RTS;SCT;conditional-
preemption specifications;discrete-event system;multiprocessor system;optimal
priority-free conditionally-preemptive real-time scheduling;periodic
tasks;priority-based preemption;processor behavior;real-time systems;regular
languages;supervisory control theory;synchronous product;three-step
algorithm;uniprocessor system;Generators;Heuristic algorithms;Processor
scheduling;Real-time systems;Schedules;Scheduling;Supervisory
control;Conditional-preemption;discrete-event system (DES);limited
preemption;real-time system (RTS);scheduling;supervisory control},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2531681},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={July},}
@ARTICLE{7432048,
author={K. Kandhway and J. Kuri},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Using Node Centrality and Optimal Control to Maximize Information
Diffusion in Social Networks},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={7},
pages={1099-1110},
abstract={We model information dissemination as a susceptible-infected epidemic
process and formulate a problem to jointly optimize seeds for the epidemic and
time varying resource allocation over the period of a fixed duration campaign
running on a social network with a given adjacency matrix. Individuals in the
network are grouped according to their centrality measure and each group is
influenced by an external control function-implemented through advertisements-
during the campaign duration. The aim is to maximize an objective function
which is a linear combination of the reward due to the fraction of informed
individuals at the deadline, and the aggregated cost of applying controls
(advertising) over the campaign duration. We also study a problem variant with
a fixed budget constraint. We set up the optimality system using Pontryagin's
maximum principle from optimal control theory and solve it numerically using
the forward-backward sweep technique. Our formulation allows us to compare the
performance of various centrality measures (pagerank, degree, closeness, and
betweenness) in maximizing the spread of a message in the optimal control
framework. We find that degree-a simple and local measure-performs well on the
three social networks used to demonstrate results: 1) scientific collaboration;
2) Slashdot; and 3) Facebook. The optimal strategy targets central nodes when
the resource is scarce, but noncentral nodes are targeted when the resource is
in abundance. Our framework is general and can be used in similar studies for
other disease or information spread models-that can be modeled using a system
of ordinary differential equations-for a network with a known adjacency
matrix.},
keywords={differential equations;matrix algebra;maximum
principle;optimisation;resource allocation;social networking
(online);Facebook;Pontryagin maximum principle;Slashdot;adjacency
matrix;advertisements;campaign duration;centrality measure grouping;external
control function;fixed budget constraint;forward-backward sweep
technique;information diffusion maximization;information dissemination;local
measure;node centrality;objective function maximization;optimal control
framework;optimality system;ordinary differential equations;scientific
collaboration;seed optimization;social networks;susceptible-infected epidemic
process;time varying resource allocation;Mathematical
model;Media;Modeling;Optimal control;Optimization;Silicon;Social network
services;Information epidemics;Pontryagin’s maximum principle;optimal
control;social networks;susceptible-infected (SI)},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2531690},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={July},}
@ARTICLE{7438909,
author={S. Lu and Q. He and T. Yuan and F. Kong},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Online Fault Diagnosis of Motor Bearing via Stochastic-Resonance-Based
Adaptive Filter in an Embedded System},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={7},
pages={1111-1122},
abstract={Digital signal processing algorithms are widely adopted in motor
bearing fault diagnosis. However, most algorithms are developed on desktop
platforms, and their focus is on the analysis of offline captured signals. In
this paper, a simple and easily implemented algorithm running on an embedded
system is proposed for the online fault diagnosis of motor bearing. The core
part of the algorithm is a stochastic-resonance-based adaptive filter that
realizes signal denoising and adaptation of the filter coefficient. Processed
by the filter, the period of the purified signal is obtained, and then the
fault type of the motor bearing is identified. The proposed method has distinct
merits, such as low computational cost, online implementation, contactless
measurement, and availability for various speed motors. This paper provides a
simple, flexible, and effective solution for conducting motor bearing diagnosis
on an embedded/portable device. The algorithm proposed is validated by a
brushless dc motor and a brushed dc motor fabricating with defective/healthy
support bearings.},
keywords={adaptive filters;brushless DC motors;embedded systems;fault
diagnosis;machine bearings;mechanical engineering computing;resonance;signal
denoising;stochastic processes;brushless dc motor;computational
cost;contactless measurement;defective/healthy support bearings;digital signal
processing algorithms;embedded system;filter coefficient;motor bearing
diagnosis;motor bearing fault diagnosis;motor bearing fault type;offline
captured signals;online fault diagnosis;online implementation;portable
device;signal denoising realization;speed motors;stochastic-resonance-based
adaptive filter;Brushless DC motors;Fault diagnosis;Induction motors;Permanent
magnet motors;Signal to noise ratio;Acoustic signal processing;adaptive
filters;ball bearings;brushless motors;dc motors;digital signal
processing;embedded software;fault diagnosis;optimization methods;stochastic
resonance (SR)},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2531692},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={July},}
@ARTICLE{7485890,
author={C. Chen and Z. Liu and Y. Zhang and S. Xie},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Coordinated Motion/Force Control of Multiarm Robot With Unknown Sensor
Nonlinearity and Manipulated Object #x2019;s Uncertainty},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={7},
pages={1123-1134},
abstract={To achieve satisfying motion/force objectives, it is required for the
multiarm robot manipulation to tackle unknown nonlinearities and uncertainties.
Existing control schemes have a requirement that the deadzone nonlinearity in
the sensor channel could be ignored. However, the sensor deadzone is widely
spread in real world applications; and its existence significantly limits the
robotic performances. Moreover, the kinematics and dynamics of the manipulated
object cannot be accurately known as the prior knowledge. Hence, such robotic
systems may not be perfectly controlled by conventional approaches. In this
paper, a coordinated motion/force control method is presented to handle unknown
sensor deadzone and object's uncertainty. The proposed method ensures the
motion and internal force errors be bounded in a small neighborhood around the
origin. Finally, comparative studies are presented to show the effectiveness
and robustness of the proposed scheme.},
keywords={force control;manipulators;motion control;multi-robot
systems;sensors;coordinated motion-force control;deadzone
nonlinearity;manipulated object uncertainty;multiarm robot manipulation;robotic
performances;sensor channel;sensor deadzone;unknown sensor
nonlinearity;Force;Kinematics;Manipulator dynamics;Robot kinematics;Robot
sensing systems;Uncertainty;Manipulation;motion/force;multiarm robot;neural
network (NN);nonlinearity and uncertainty},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2557219},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={July},}
@ARTICLE{7560649,
author={W. Dong and M. Zhou},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={A Supervised Learning and Control Method to Improve Particle Swarm
Optimization Algorithms},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={7},
pages={1135-1148},
abstract={This paper presents an adaptive particle swarm optimization with
supervised learning and control (APSO-SLC) for the parameter settings and
diversity maintenance of particle swarm optimization (PSO) to adaptively choose
parameters, while improving its exploration competence. Although PSO is a
powerful optimization method, it faces such issues as difficult parameter
setting and premature convergence. Inspired by supervised learning and
predictive control strategies from machine learning and control fields, we
propose APSO-SLC that employs several strategies to address these issues.
First, we treat PSO with its optimization problem as a system to be controlled
and model it as a dynamic quadratic programming model with box constraints. Its
parameters are estimated by the recursive least squares with a dynamic
forgetting factor to enhance better parameter setting and weaken worse ones.
Its optimal parameters are calculated by this model to feed back to PSO.
Second, a progress vector is proposed to monitor the progress rate for judging
whether premature convergence happens. By studying the reason of premature
convergence, this work proposes the strategies of back diffusion and new
attractor learning to extend swam diversity, and speed up the convergence.
Experiments are performed on many benchmark functions to compare APSO-SLC with
the state-of-the-art PSOs. The results show that it is simple to program and
understand, and can provide excellent and consistent performance.},
keywords={convergence;learning (artificial intelligence);least mean squares
methods;particle swarm optimisation;quadratic programming;APSO-SLC;adaptive
particle swarm optimization with supervised learning and control;attractor
learning;back diffusion;box constraints;control fields;control method;dynamic
forgetting factor;dynamic quadratic programming model;exploration
competence;machine learning;parameter setting;predictive control
strategies;premature convergence;progress vector;recursive least
squares;supervised learning;swam
diversity;Convergence;Guidelines;Optimization;Particle swarm
optimization;Stability analysis;Supervised learning;Trajectory;Dynamic
quadratic programming (DQP);intelligent optimization;particle swarm
optimization (PSO);supervised learning and control (SLC)},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2560128},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={July},}
@ARTICLE{7469784,
author={A. A. Adeniran and S. El Ferik},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Modeling and Identification of Nonlinear Systems: A Review of the
Multimodel Approach #x2014;Part 1},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={7},
pages={1149-1159},
abstract={The efficacy of the multimodel framework (MMF) in modeling and
identification of complex, nonlinear, and uncertain systems has been widely
recognized in the literature owing to its simplicity, transparency, and
mathematical tractability, allowing the use of well-known modeling analysis and
control design techniques. The approach proved to be effective in addressing
some of the shortcomings of other modeling techniques such as those based on a
single nonlinear autoregressive network with exogenous inputs model or neural
networks. A great number of researchers have contributed to this active field.
Due to the significant amount of contributions and the lack of a recent survey,
the review of recent developments in this field is vital. In this two-part
paper, we attempt to provide a comprehensive coverage of the multimodel
approach for modeling and identification of complex systems. The study contains
a classification of different methods, the challenges encountered, as well as
recent applications of MMF in various fields. Part 1 of this paper presents an
overview of MMF for modeling and identification of nonlinear systems as well as
the review of recent developments in the partitioning strategies employed.},
keywords={identification;modelling;nonlinear
systems;MMF;identification;modeling;multimodel approach;multimodel
framework;nonlinear systems;partitioning strategies;Analytical
models;Computational modeling;Cybernetics;Mathematical model;Nonlinear
dynamical systems;Local model network (LMN);modeling;multimodel;nonlinear
systems;system partition;systems identification;validity function},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2560147},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={July},}
@ARTICLE{7469789,
author={S. El Ferik and A. A. Adeniran},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Modeling and Identification of Nonlinear Systems: A Review of the
Multimodel Approach #x2014;Part 2},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={7},
pages={1160-1168},
abstract={The efficacy of the multimodel framework (MMF) in modeling and
identification of complex, nonlinear, and uncertain systems has been widely
recognized in the literature owing to its simplicity, transparency, and
mathematical tractability, allowing the use of well-known modeling analysis and
control design techniques. The approach proved to be effective in addressing
some of the shortcomings of other modeling techniques such as those based on a
single nonlinear autoregressive network with exogenous inputs model or neural
networks. A great number of researchers have contributed to this active field.
Due to the significant amount of contributions and the lack of a recent survey,
the review of recent developments in this field is vital. In this two-part
paper, we attempt to provide a comprehensive coverage of the multimodel
approach for modeling and identification of complex systems. This paper
contains a classification of different methods, the challenges encountered, as
well as recent applications of MMF in various fields. In this part 2, the
review of multimodel internal structures and parameter estimation as well as
validity computation methods is presented. In addition, a multimodel
application and future direction are covered. In this literature survey, our
main focus is on the MMF where the final system's representation and behavior
is generated through the interpolation of several possible local models. This
is of prime importance to control designers. All through this paper, different
active research areas and open problems are discussed.},
keywords={autoregressive processes;control system
synthesis;identification;large-scale systems;neurocontrollers;nonlinear control
systems;uncertain systems;MMF;complex systems;control design;multimodel
framework;neural networks;nonlinear autoregressive network;nonlinear
systems;uncertain systems;Computational modeling;Estimation;Mathematical
model;Optimization;Prediction algorithms;Processor scheduling;Local model
network;modeling;multimodel;nonlinear systems;systems identification;validity
function},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2560129},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={July},}
@ARTICLE{7473881,
author={Y. Hu and Z. Li and G. Li and P. Yuan and C. Yang and R. Song},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Development of Sensory-Motor Fusion-Based Manipulation and Grasping
Control for a Robotic Hand-Eye System},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={7},
pages={1169-1180},
abstract={In this paper, a sensory-motor fusion-based manipulation and grasping
control strategy has been developed for a robotic hand-eye system. The proposed
hierarchical control architecture has three modules: 1) vision servoing; 2)
surface electromyography (sEMG)-based movement recognition; and 3) hybrid force
and motion optimization for manipulation and grasping. A stereo camera is used
to obtain the 3-D point cloud of a target object and provides the desired
operational position. The AdaBoost-based motion recognition is employed to
discriminate different movements based on sEMG of human upper limbs. The
operational space motion planning for bionic arm and force planning for
multifingered robotic hand can be both transformed as a convex optimization
problem with various constraints. A neural dynamics optimization solution is
proposed and implemented online. The proposed formulation can achieve a
substantial reduction of computational load. The actual implementation includes
a bionic arm with dextrous hand, high-speed active vision, and an EMG sensors.
A series of manipulation tasks consisting of tracking/recogniting/grasping of
an object are implemented, and experiment results exhibit the responsiveness
and flexibility of the proposed sensory motion fusion approach.},
keywords={biocybernetics;convex programming;dexterous
manipulators;grippers;learning (artificial intelligence);object
recognition;object tracking;path planning;robot vision;sensor fusion;visual
servoing;3-D point cloud;AdaBoost-based motion recognition;EMG sensors;bionic
arm;convex optimization problem;dextrous hand;force planning;grasping
control;high-speed active vision;human upper limbs;hybrid force
optimization;manipulation control;motion optimization;movement
recognition;multifingered robotic hand;neural dynamics optimization
solution;object grasping;object recognition;object tracking;operational space
motion planning;robotic hand-eye system;sEMG;sensory-motor fusion;stereo
camera;surface electromyography;target object;vision
servoing;Cameras;Electromyography;Grasping;Planning;Robot sensing
systems;Bionic arm;multifingers hand;quadratic programming;surface
electromyography (sEMG);vision servoing},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2560530},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={July},}
@ARTICLE{7480956,
author={L. Sheng and Z. Wang and W. Wang and F. E. Alsaadi},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Output-Feedback Control for Nonlinear Stochastic Systems With Successive
Packet Dropouts and Uniform Quantization Effects},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={7},
pages={1181-1191},
abstract={In this paper, the dynamic output-feedback control problem is studied
for a class of discrete-time nonlinear stochastic systems with successive
packet dropouts and uniform quantization effects. The stochastic system under
investigation involves state-, control-, and disturbance-dependent noises (also
called (x, u, v)-dependent noises) that bring in substantial difficulties in
the stability analysis. The phenomenon of successive packet dropouts is
governed by a binary switching random sequence. The measurement output is
subject to the uniform quantization which results in the norm-bounded
disturbances, and the concept of input-to-state stability in probability is
introduced to deal with this kind of disturbances. In virtue of intensive
stochastic analysis, several sufficient conditions are established to guarantee
that the closed-loop system is input-to-state stable in probability under the
effects of probabilistic packet dropouts as well as uniform quantizations. As
an easy consequence, the design problem with linear output-feedback controllers
is discussed for the benefits of practical applications and some simplified
conditions are derived. Finally, a numerical example is presented to illustrate
the effectiveness of the proposed method.},
keywords={closed loop systems;control system synthesis;discrete time
systems;feedback;linear systems;nonlinear control systems;probability;random
sequences;stability;stochastic systems;switching systems (control);binary
switching random sequence;control-dependent noises;discrete-time nonlinear
stochastic systems;disturbance-dependent noises;dynamic output-feedback
control;input-to-state stability;input-to-state stable closed-loop
system;intensive stochastic analysis;linear output-feedback
controllers;measurement output;norm-bounded disturbances;probabilistic packet
dropouts;probability;stability analysis;state-dependent noises;successive
packet dropouts;sufficient conditions;uniform quantization;Control
systems;Current measurement;Numerical stability;Quantization (signal);Stability
analysis;Stochastic systems;Symmetric matrices;(x, u, v)-dependent
noises;input-to-state stability;nonlinear stochastic systems;successive packet
dropouts;uniform quantization},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2563393},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={July},}
@ARTICLE{7484706,
author={S. H. Young and T. A. Mazzuchi and S. Sarkani},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={A Framework for Predicting Future System Performance in Autonomous
Unmanned Ground Vehicles},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={7},
pages={1192-1206},
abstract={The development of complex self-adaptive systems has accelerated
rapidly over the past decade, led by the Department of Defense, which has
sought to develop and field military systems, such as unmanned aerial vehicles
and unmanned ground vehicles, with elevated levels of autonomy to accomplish
their mission with reduced funding and manpower. As their role increases, such
systems must be able to adapt and learn, and make nondeterministic decisions.
To field such systems requires extensive testing, evaluation, verification, and
validation-a challenging task. To address this, we apply a novel systems
perspective to develop a framework to predict future system performance based
on the complexity of the operating environment using newly introduced
complexity measures and learned costs. In this paper, we consider an autonomous
military ground robot navigating in complex off-road environments. Using our
model and experimental data from Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency-led
experiments, we demonstrate the accuracy with which our model can predict
system performance and then validate our model against other experimental
results.},
keywords={military systems;mobile robots;off-road vehicles;path
planning;remotely operated vehicles;UGV;autonomous military ground robot
navigation;autonomous unmanned ground vehicles;complex off-road
environments;complexity measures;military systems;operating environment
complexity;system performance prediction;Complexity
theory;Measurement;Modeling;Navigation;Predictive models;Robots;System
performance;Mobile robots;modeling;systems engineering;unmanned ground vehicles
(UGVs)},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2563403},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={July},}
@ARTICLE{7482855,
author={P. Yan and D. Wang and H. Li and D. Liu},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Error Bound Analysis of $Q$ -Function for Discounted Optimal Control
Problems With Policy Iteration},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={7},
pages={1207-1216},
abstract={In this paper, we present error bound analysis of the Q-function for
the action-dependent adaptive dynamic programming for solving discounted
optimal control problems of unknown discrete-time nonlinear systems. The
convergence of Q-functions derived by a policy iteration algorithm under ideal
conditions is given. Considering the approximated errors of the Q-function and
control policy in the policy evaluation step and policy improvement step, we
establish error bounds of approximate Q-functions in each iteration. With the
given boundedness conditions, the approximate Q-function will converge to a
finite neighborhood of the optimal Q-function. To implement the presented
algorithm, two three-layer neural networks are employed to approximate the Q-
function and the control policy, respectively. Finally, a simulation example is
utilized to verify the validity of the presented algorithm.},
keywords={approximation theory;discrete time systems;dynamic programming;error
analysis;iterative methods;neurocontrollers;nonlinear control systems;optimal
control;Q-function approximation;action-dependent adaptive dynamic
programming;boundedness conditions;control policy;discounted optimal control
problems;discrete-time nonlinear systems;error bound analysis;finite
neighborhood;policy evaluation step;policy improvement step;policy iteration
algorithm;three-layer neural networks;Algorithm design and
analysis;Approximation algorithms;Convergence;Dynamic programming;Heuristic
algorithms;Nonlinear systems;Optimal control;Q-function;Adaptive dynamic
programming (ADP);error analysis;nonlinear systems;policy iteration},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2563982},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={July},}
@ARTICLE{7534738,
author={F. Li and Y. Ding and M. Zhou and K. Hao and L. Chen},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={An Affection-Based Dynamic Leader Selection Model for Formation Control
in Multirobot Systems},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={7},
pages={1217-1228},
abstract={In this paper, a dynamic leader selection process of a multirobot
system with leader-follower strategies is studied in terms of formation
control. A fuzzy inference system is employed to evaluate the status of robots
by means of their states. Based on the status, an affection-based model is
proposed to trigger a leader selection module. Followers send out unsatisfied
signals when they are disappointed at the current leader. The abashment value
of the leader changes with its own status as well as the number of unsatisfied
signals received from its followers. When its abashment value goes beyond a
given threshold, a leader reselection process is triggered. Moreover, a swap-
greedy algorithm is proposed to approximate the optimal solution for confirming
the leader-follower relationship, which can be described as a combinatorial
optimization problem to minimize the total travel distance of all the robots.
Extensive simulation results demonstrate that the proposed model can improve
the probability of a robot team escaping from local extreme points
significantly, and even in the case of leader failure, the team can reselect a
leader autonomously and keep moving toward the target.},
keywords={combinatorial mathematics;fuzzy control;fuzzy reasoning;greedy
algorithms;minimisation;mobile robots;multi-robot
systems;probability;affection-based dynamic leader selection
model;combinatorial optimization problem;formation control;fuzzy inference
system;leader abashment value;leader reselection process;leader-follower
strategies;multirobot systems;probability;robot travel distance
minimization;swap-greedy algorithm;Adaptation models;Collision
avoidance;Controllability;Convergence;Cybernetics;Multi-robot
systems;Robots;Affection model;formation control;leader selection;multirobot
system (MRS)},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2564931},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={July},}
@ARTICLE{7484279,
author={Y. Huang and Q. Huang and Q. Wang},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Chaos and Bifurcation Control of Torque-Stiffness-Controlled Dynamic
Bipedal Walking},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={7},
pages={1229-1240},
abstract={This paper focuses on chaos control of a seven-link torque-stiffness-
controlled dynamic walking model, actuated by a bio-inspired control system.
The biped consists of compliant hip, knee and ankle joints and flat feet. We
employed Ott-Grebogi-Yorke and delayed feedback control methods, responsible
for small errors around the equilibrium solution and large errors far away,
respectively. In simulation, we study the stabilization of bifurcations and
chaotic behaviors under diverse actuation parameters, and the convergence speed
to 1-period gaits. The results of this paper may provide insights into motion
control of dynamic walking robots and principles of human locomotion.},
keywords={bifurcation;biomimetics;chaos;delays;feedback;legged
locomotion;stability;torque control;1-period gaits;Ott-Grebogi-Yorke
methods;actuation parameters;ankle joints;bifurcation control;bifurcation
stabilization;bioinspired control system;chaos control;compliant
hip;convergence speed;delayed feedback control method;dynamic walking
robots;equilibrium solution;flat feet;human locomotion;knee joints;seven-link
torque-stiffness-controlled dynamic bipedal walking
model;Bifurcation;Biological system modeling;Chaos;Foot;Legged
locomotion;Mathematical model;Adaptable stiffness;Ott-Grebogi-Yorke
method;bifurcation;chaos control;delayed feedback control (DFC);dynamic bipedal
walking},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2569474},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={July},}
@ARTICLE{7490371,
author={W. Y. Chiu},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Method of Reduction of Variables for Bilinear Matrix Inequality Problems
in System and Control Designs},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={7},
pages={1241-1256},
abstract={Bilinear matrix inequality (BMI) problems in system and control
designs are investigated in this paper. A solution method of reduction of
variables (MRVs) is proposed. This method consists of a principle of variable
classification, a procedure for problem transformation, and a hybrid algorithm
that combines deterministic and stochastic search engines. The classification
principle is used to classify the decision variables of a BMI problem into two
categories: 1) external and 2) internal variables. Theoretical analysis is
performed to show that when the classification principle is applicable, a BMI
problem can be transformed into an unconstrained optimization problem that has
fewer decision variables. Stochastic search and deterministic search are then
applied to determine the decision variables of the unconstrained problem
externally and explore the internal problem structure, respectively. The
proposed method can address feasibility, single-objective, and multiobjective
problems constrained by BMIs in a unified manner. A number of numerical
examples in system and control designs are provided to validate the proposed
methodology. Simulations show that the MRVs can outperform existing BMI
solution methods in most benchmark problems and achieve similar levels of
performance in the remaining problems.},
keywords={bilinear systems;control system synthesis;linear matrix
inequalities;optimisation;search problems;stochastic processes;BMI
problems;MRVs;bilinear matrix inequality problems;control designs;decision
variables classification;deterministic search engines;external variables;hybrid
algorithm;internal variables;method of reduction of variables;multiobjective
problems;problem transformation;single-objective problems;stochastic search
engines;system designs;unconstrained optimization problem;variable
classification;Algorithm design and analysis;Benchmark testing;Control
design;Linear matrix inequalities;Pareto optimization;Search problems;BMI
solution methods;Bilinear matrix inequality (BMI);method of reduction of
variables (MRVs);multiobjective BMI problems;spectral abscissa
optimization;static output feedback},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2571323},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={July},}
@ARTICLE{7487011,
author={D. Zhai and C. Xi and L. An and J. Dong and Q. Zhang},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Prescribed Performance Switched Adaptive Dynamic Surface Control of
Switched Nonlinear Systems With Average Dwell Time},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={7},
pages={1257-1269},
abstract={In this paper, the problem of adaptive fuzzy tracking control is
investigated for a class of switched nonlinear systems. A new switched adaptive
output feedback control method is presented where the changes of plant can be
considered explicitly. Mode-dependent fuzzy logic systems are employed to
approximate the switching nonlinear functions in system. To reduce the
conservativeness caused by adoption of a common adaptive law for all
subsystems, the switching optimal weight vectors are directly estimated via
switched adaptive laws at each step of backstepping. However, the difficulties
are how to ensure the estimation performance subject to persistent switchings,
and how to design common virtual controls based on switching parameters.
Further, based on the estimation of optimal weight vectors, the switched fuzzy
state observer can be also applied to obtain the unmeasured states. By
designing a novel Lyapunov function, the improved dynamic surface control
incorporated by prescribed performance technique guarantees all the total state
tracking errors, not partial ones, within predefined performance bounds.
Simulation results are provided to demonstrate the effectiveness of the
proposed method.},
keywords={Lyapunov methods;adaptive control;control nonlinearities;control
system synthesis;feedback;fuzzy control;nonlinear control
systems;observers;optimal control;switching systems (control);vectors;Lyapunov
function;adaptive fuzzy tracking control;average dwell time;backstepping;common
virtual control design;mode-dependent fuzzy logic systems;performance switched
adaptive dynamic surface control;state tracking errors;switched adaptive output
feedback control;switched fuzzy state observer;switched nonlinear
systems;switching optimal weight vectors estimation;Adaptive systems;Lyapunov
methods;Nonlinear systems;Observers;Stability analysis;Switches;Adaptive
tracking control;average dwell time (ADT);dynamic surface control
(DSC);prescribed performance bounds;switched nonlinear systems},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2571338},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={July},}
@ARTICLE{7493608,
author={B. Wang and J. Wang and B. Zhang and X. Li},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Global Cooperative Control Framework for Multiagent Systems Subject to
Actuator Saturation With Industrial Applications},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={7},
pages={1270-1283},
abstract={This paper proposes a global cooperative control framework to address
leader-follower consensus of constraints subsystems of industrial plants, in
which each subsystem is modeled as an agent and all the subsystems and networks
of information flow construct a multiagent system. The focus of this paper is
to solve the global leader-follower consensus for multiagent systems with input
saturation via low-high gain feedback approach and parametric algebraic Riccati
equation approach, in which the feedback gain design is distributed and
decoupled from network topologies. By introducing appropriate assumptions, a
class of low-high gain feedback protocol is designed based on the states of
local neighbors to reach the global stability. It is proved in the sense of
Lyapunov that, if the dwell time is larger than a positive threshold, the
global leader-follower consensus for the closed-loop linear multiagent systems
with input saturation under the derived topology containing a directed spanning
tree can be achieved. The results are further extended to leader-follower
consensus for nonlinear multiagent systems with the design of nonlinear low-
high gain feedback protocol. As industrial applications of the proposed low-
high gain scheduling approaches, the controller design of vibration in
mechanical systems and satellite formation systems are revisited. Numerical
simulations with cooperative control of industries subsystems show the
effectiveness of the proposed approach.},
keywords={Lyapunov methods;Riccati equations;closed loop systems;control system
synthesis;directed graphs;feedback;multi-agent systems;multi-robot
systems;nonlinear systems;trees (mathematics);vibration
control;Lyapunov;actuator saturation;closed-loop linear multiagent
systems;controller design;directed spanning tree;gain feedback protocol;gain
scheduling;global cooperative control framework;global stability;industrial
applications;industrial plants;leader-follower consensus;mechanical systems
vibration;nonlinear multiagent systems;parametric algebraic Riccati
equation;satellite formation systems;Actuators;Linear systems;Multi-agent
systems;Network topology;Protocols;Topology;Vehicle dynamics;Global
stabilization;input saturation;leader-follower consensus;low-high gain feedback
protocol;multiagent systems;nonlinear protocol;satellite formation control},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2573584},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={July},}
@ARTICLE{7559733,
author={S. Ben Meskina and N. Doggaz and M. Khalgui and Z. Li},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Multiagent Framework for Smart Grids Recovery},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={7},
pages={1284-1300},
abstract={Failure propagation in smart grids (SGs) complicates and prolongs the
recovery time as the faults to be resolved increase. This paper presents the
design and implementation of a framework for SGs modeling, simulation, and
recovery. The proposed approach is based on a multiagent system composed of
static and mobile agents to ensure local and remote resolutions. The efficiency
and completeness of the power system recovery protocol are proved as all the
existing solutions are analyzed. The use of fault classification and a
performing communication process as well as the deployment of local distributed
databases updated at run-time ensure the effectiveness of the proposed fault
recovery strategy. An experimental study confirms and validates the expected
results.},
keywords={distributed databases;failure analysis;fault diagnosis;multi-agent
systems;pattern classification;power engineering computing;power system
faults;power system reliability;power system restoration;smart power
grids;SG;communication process;distributed databases;failure propagation;fault
classification;mobile agents;multiagent framework;multiagent system;power
system recovery protocol;smart grids recovery;static agents;Power system
reliability;Protocols;Real-time systems;Reliability;Smart grids;Fault
categorization;local and remote recovery;multiagent system (MAS);smart grid
(SG)},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2573824},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={July},}
@ARTICLE{7493615,
author={S. Koziol and R. Wunderlich and J. Hasler and M. Stilman},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Single-Objective Path Planning for Autonomous Robots Using
Reconfigurable Analog VLSI},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={7},
pages={1301-1314},
abstract={This paper presents path planning using reconfigurable analog very
large scale integrated (AVLSI) circuits. Existing research has shown that
custom AVLSI circuits known as application specific integrated circuits (ASICs)
can theoretically be used for path planning. There are two main drawbacks to
using custom ASICs: 1) circuit designs are fixed to some extent (not
changeable) and 2) long design cycle/fabrication time (order of months).
Reconfigurable analog circuits called field-programmable analog arrays (FPAAs)
have been used to implement a variety of AVLSI circuits in a short time (order
of minutes). This paper presents an algorithm for mapping a robot's environment
onto an FPAA, and then presents hardware results using an FPAA to implement the
path-planning algorithm. Experimental results and analysis are presented for 24
environment scenarios. Digital search methods like breadth-first search have
solutions which scale on the order of O(4d) whereas this paper will show our
analog solution is on the order of O(d) where d is the depth of the solution.},

keywords={VLSI;application specific integrated circuits;field programmable
analogue arrays;mobile robots;path planning;robot programming;search
problems;ASICs;AVLSI circuits;FPAAs;application specific integrated
circuits;autonomous robots;digital search methods;fabrication time;field-
programmable analog arrays;long design cycle;reconfigurable analog
VLSI;reconfigurable analog very large scale integrated;robot environment
mapping;single-objective path planning;Field programmable analog
arrays;Hardware;Laplace equations;Path planning;Robots;Analog very large scale
integrated (AVLSI);Laplacian;bipartite;field-programmable analog array
(FPAA);micro aerial vehicle (MAV);path planning;robot},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2573833},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={July},}
@ARTICLE{7511689,
author={Z. Liu and B. Chen and C. Lin},
journal={IEEE Transactions on Systems, Man, and Cybernetics: Systems},
title={Adaptive Neural Backstepping for a Class of Switched Nonlinear System
Without Strict-Feedback Form},
year={2017},
volume={47},
number={7},
pages={1315-1320},
abstract={This paper focuses on backstepping-based adaptive neural control for
switched nonlinear systems in nonstrict-feedback form. A structural
characteristic of radial basis function neural networks is first developed.
With this structural characteristic, adaptive neural backstepping has been
extended to the switched nonlinear systems with nonstrict-feedback structure.
By using a common Lyapunov function method, an adaptive neural controller is
constructed by backstepping technique. It is shown that under the action of the
suggested controller, all the closed-loop signals are bounded and meanwhile the
system output follows the desired reference signal well. Finally, a numerical
simulation example is used to illustrate the effectiveness of our results.},
keywords={adaptive control;closed loop systems;control
nonlinearities;feedback;neurocontrollers;numerical analysis;radial basis
function networks;switching systems (control);Lyapunov function method;adaptive
neural backstepping;backstepping-based adaptive neural control;closed-loop
signals;nonstrict-feedback form;numerical simulation;radial basis function
neural networks;switched nonlinear system;Adaptive systems;Artificial neural
networks;Backstepping;Control design;Nonlinear systems;Switches;Adaptive neural
control;backstepping;nonstrict feedback form;switched nonlinear systems},
doi={10.1109/TSMC.2016.2585664},
ISSN={2168-2216},
month={July},}
